Update MSBJ documentation (#250)
LLNL/sundials: doc/cvodes/guide/source/Usage/SIM.rst

   :math:`M`, and
-  the number of steps since Jacobian information was last evaluated.

Jacobian information is considered out-of-date when :math:`msbj` or more steps

> have been completed since the last update and will be recomputed during the next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have been completed since the last update, in which case it will be recomputed during the next
```

     * ``CVLS_ILL_INPUT`` -- The frequency ``msbj`` is negative.

   **Notes:**
      If ``nstlj`` is the step number at which the Jacobian information was
      lasted updated and ``nst`` is the current step number,
      ``nst - nstlj >= msbj`` indicates the Jacobian information will be updated
      during the next linear solver setup call.

      As the Jacobian update frequency is only checked *within* calls to the
      linear solver setup routine, Jacobian information may be more than
      ``msbj`` steps old when updated depending on when a linear solver setup
      call occurs. See :numref:`CVODES.Mathematics.nls` for more information on

>       when linear solver setups are preformed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      when linear solver setups are performed.
```

>       If ``msbj = 0``, the default value of 51 will be used. Otherwise an error

Reviewer: Is this really 51?

Author: Yes, see [this comment](https://github.com/LLNL/sundials/pull/250/files#r1074006308).
